Please.
Right. So in this study you
will see two types of pictures.
The first type that you'll see
is graphic novels in a graphic
novels.
There are serious pictures that
tells a story. So imagine you're
telling this story that someone
who cannot see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story. Each story is around
30 pages.
And please aim between 10 and
15 minutes to tell this story.
OK, when you're ready, we can
start.
#START_journey Let's see. So it
looks like some children are
playing and they are giving
themselves high fives on one
part of the picture and it looks
like there is a bicycle. And
they are. One child is on a
bicycle. One child looks like he
has a piece of chalk, like he's
ready to draw a picture with the
chalk.
There's another little girl that
is sitting on the steps and she
has her head on her knees. She
looks a little bit sad and.
We are also, we're looking at a
street scene in one area with a
stop light and I was talking
about the children that are
playing outside. We're also
seeing a part of a house and
it's.
We're looking inside the house.
It is almost like the House is
cut in half so that we can see
what people are doing inside the
House that looks like there is a
mother possibly cooking
something on the stove. And then
upstairs it looks like possibly
the father is looking onto a
computer and doing some work and
it looks like there is a person,
maybe a young person laying on
the couch. And it is all that I
can say right now about.
The scene OK.
And the second page shows a
little bit more detail about
what is going on in the House.
It looks like the mother is
stirring something on the stove
in a pot, and it looks like the
little girl is possibly looking
into the sink. That's hard to
say. She is leaning against the
counter.
And.
But there is another picture of
that looks like the father is
looking into the computer and
possibly a young daughter with a
kite who is leaning against the
chair. It looks like she wants
the father to come and fly the
kite with her, and she also then
goes down to where her older
sister is lying on the couch.
And it's hard for me to see
exactly what that.
Maybe the
It looks like she is looking
into a camera, but it's hard for
me to tell from this angle. But
again, it looks like the the
little girl is going along to
each member of her family and
trying to get them to go out and
play with her, but it looks like
they won't. So she goes off into
her bedroom and it looks like
she is very dejectedly sitting
on her bed alone. And there is
also a cat in her bedroom laying
on the floor.
{OK, ready to go to the next
line?}
In the next scene, the little
girl is looks like she's getting
up off the bed. The cat has
decided to get up and is going
out the door to the outdoors
and.
The young lady, it looks like
she's taking something to draw
with, and some papers. She's
drawing something on the wall of
her. Oh, I see what she's doing.
She's drawing something on the
wall of her bedroom, which is
actually a door. She's imagining
a door, and she's going out of
the door. She has drawn a door
and she's going out.
{And that's all I have to say
about this photo.}
In her imagination she has come
out of a door in a tree trunk
and she is looking in amazement
at a number of lights in the
forest that are strung along the
trees and beautiful lanterns and
a like a little stream going
through the woods with a number
of trees in the forest. But the
main thing are the beautiful
lights that are strung.
Throughout the forest and the
beautiful lanterns.
She walks up onto a little dock
that goes on to a stream and she
still has her colorful truck in
her hand and she's looking down
at her.
In the image, which is reflected
into the stream again, she's in
the beautiful forest, with the
lamps hanging around in the
trees and the lights that are
strung throughout.
She draws off the side of the
dock about and she jumps into
the boat and starts floating
away.
As she floats away, she goes
toward a big castle, which has
many different moats and towers,
and it's actually surrounded by
a Moat and she is headed in that
direction. It is fascinating to
see all of the different towers
and the domes, and it looks like
a very large castle.
It's interesting because the
little boat seems to take her.
Throughout the castle. It's
almost like.
The pathways in the castle are
made of water and her boat is
taking her towards the castle
with a number of that looks like
possibly guards and then that
are waving to her as she goes
towards the middle of the castle
area. There are also some men on
gondolas loading on different
parts of the path. {That's all I
have to say about this one.}
All of a sudden as she's going
along one of these water filled
paths, her boat comes to the
edge of a waterfall and it looks
like as she comes to that
waterfall she then draws a rope
that she can hang on to and her
boat flies away and she flies
into the air.
and it ends up those ropes that
she draws ends up being a large
balloon, a hot air balloon,
which takes her away and we see
the guards waving to her off one
of the tall towers of the
castle. We see the clouds that
she's flying through and it
looks like she's going towards
some other type of flying
contraption that I have never
seen before. A very unusual
looking thing. So we'll see
where that.
Like this possibly in the next
page.
Seems she is looking over to
this other contraption and it
looks like it's some amazing
flying machine.
The edge of one of the machines
is a person with a net who is
trying to catch a beautiful
purple bird and he seeing held
on to so that he doesn't fly off
this unusual contraption. And
there are two other very unusual
looking contraptions just flying
through the air. They look like
dirigibles and they have
propellers on them, something
very unusual.
And I've never seen before.
Yes, and as she's flying along
on her hot air balloon, it looks
like she is going to possibly
land on one of these
contraptions and it's.
A very amazing looking thing.
It. I can't even describe it.
It's so amazing looking. I've
never seen anything like it. It
has.
All kinds of little wheels.
Turning and beautiful designed
parts a little. It looks like a
little golden eagle on the top
of one of the parts. It's just
almost an unimaginable to me
what this thing is. We'll see if
we can find out more as the
story continues on. OK, her
balloon.
Comes down onto this amazing
contraption and she's running,
running, running along the
pathway and I'm seeing some sort
of bridges on top of.
With some people walking along
on the top of this contraption,
it's unclear how she's going to
get to them. But there is a
little doorway, and I think
she's probably going to go
through that doorway and it
looks like she's going to climb
up a ladder to the top of one of
the towers on top of this
contraption. And it looks like
there are two guards and they
are guarding a little purple
bird in a golden cage, and on
top of this contraption is.
OK.
A golden dragon.
And it looks like almost like a
pagoda top anyways, OK.
She grabs the bird. She grabs
the bird in the cage and runs,
and the guards are shocked and
they don't know what to do. It
looks like they're just so
shocked that they're just
jumping in the air like, Oh my
goodness, what has happened? And
as it continues on, she goes to
the edge of this amazing
contraption and she lets the
bird out of the cage to fly into
the air and the guards are
coming after her and it looks
like there are a number of
guards within the inside of
this.
Amazing contraption and they are
all getting ready to come after
her.
And they've captured her, it
looks like and.
They have put her into a little
cage and they are turning a
wheel to set the cage down,
down, down, away from this
amazing flying contraption.
As she is in this little cage
being let down, she sees the
beautiful purple bird.
Coming at her with the red
crayon that started this whole
event and the bird of lights on
her shoulder and she is drawing,
drawing, drawing. She's drawing
something that looks like a
rectangle and the bird is flying
around her and sitting beside
her. So we'll see what she is
going to draw. It's a flying
carpet. She has drawn a flying
carpet and now she is flying in
the air over this beautiful city
and.
The bird is flying right in
front of her and the city is
just.
Again, a very amazing place.
Full of orange and purple and
blue and yellow and it looks
like it might be in some I don't
even know where. Again, it's a
place I've never been, but it
has a lot of.
Palm trees.
It almost looks like it's
somewhere in the Middle East.
And off she flies into the
beautiful starlit sky. And the
purple bird is flying in front
of her, and she's flying over
this beautiful.
Place with minarets and it looks
like there are.
Mountains on in the horizon and
one palm tree on the right that
it's a beautiful night sky with
many, many stars.
Then we come to the blind carpet
of lights onto the ground and
the little girl takes her spray
on and she goes towards a palm
tree that has a little purple
door in it and the purple.
bird it's sitting or standing
right beside the tree.
And she opens the door. The bird
flies into the door, and she
crawls in after.
When she's coming out of the
door, it looks like she's coming
out of a mailbox, a US mailbox,
and the bird is flying in front
of her and there is a there was
a little boy going right towards
them and he has a purple crayon.
He helps her to get up and he's
holding the purple bird.
While she draws a red circle and
he draws a purple circle and the
bird is flying right above him.
And these circles
come together to make a bicycle.
The one part of the bicycle is
the Purple Circle, and one part
is the Red circle, and the
Purple Bird is flying behind
them as they ride off while
they're each holding their
purple and red crayons and off
they go. #END_journey
That was the story.
And then you took around 8
minutes, so around the 10
minute.
So this is a feedback to you?
Um, so moving on to the next
story.
#START_arrival_5 OK, another
let's see. This is it looks like
an amazing city full of tall
buildings all connected together
with many, many windows. And it
looks like there are boats along
the edge of the city and some
amazing.
creature looking.
tall parts of the city are
almost like.
owl and cat faces and lots and
lots of birds flying in the air
and it's all I'm looking at. All
of the amazing towers that are
basically all.
Animal faces and in the next
we're looking at all kinds of
things that are possibly going
on in this city, and in some
cases it's.
People cutting up, a person,
cutting up vegetables.
A person cooking something.
Some people drinking something
and they are.
You see a mother handing a bowl
of possibly fruit to a little
boy. Two people giving each
other a hug while they are
holding a a basket of
vegetables, possibly some a
little boy walking with two
unusual looking animals walking
up the steps.
And somebody's looking like
they're taking a rope and tying
up a creature that looks like a
cat.
All sorts of things going on
within that city, right? {So in
this story, we either see two
different pages like this,
flower pictures go across and
then down. So you'll go this
way, and then the 2nd row, the
third row, the last row. OK, so
don't go. Don't be jumping all
around like I just did, OK? OK.}
in the first page someone is
tying a rope around what looks
like a cat. And then there are
two people talking and a little
boy walking up the stairs with
two creatures  a mother handing
a bowl of possibly fruit to a
little boy.
Two people giving each other a
hug. One is holding a basket of
something that looks like
vegetables. It's hard for me to
tell from this angle. These are
very unusual looking things. In
this story. We've got 3 3 people
greeting each other, two men and
a woman, and we have another
woman that looks like she's
inviting us in and people are
having a drink.
And.
Someone is.
Doing something with a basket of
I don't know what these are very
unusual vegetables possibly.
It's hard for me to tell what
these are. They are all unusual
looking vegetables. Or they
could be something else, I don't
know. And cutting things up
possibly. It looks sort of like
a cucumber with sort of spiky
edges around the side and a dark
pit in the middle and then
something that's going within an
unusual looking pot.
With the yeah, this is. I don't
know what's going on in some of
these things.
It looks like.
I don't know. I almost thought
it looked like sort of a bird
being cooked, but it's unclear
to me what is really going on
here.
In the next page, it looks like
they are having dinner together.
They are.
One man has a torch, and I don't
know what he's doing to that
thing that he's holding. Is he
burning it? Is he making it so
that we can eat it?
The little boy sitting at the
table is giving a little snap to
a creature that looks sort of
like a whale with a long tail
that's creeping along the floor.
And there's a cat like little
creature that's also eating a
little morsel from the table.
And there's also it looks like
two other people sitting at the
table and eating a lot of
unusual looking vegetables that
have.
Almost like tail looking things
coming out of them and they're
basically just eating dinner and
we see that they're talking to
one another and laughing and
having a good time. And somebody
is playing an accordion like
instrument that has little horns
coming out of each side and one
woman is playing something that
looks like a flute but also has
some unusual contraptions coming
off of the side and maybe a
little light bulb.
On the top.
One little boy is playing
something that looks like a
banjo and the little cat is
right beside him and doing the
music. One person looks like he
is folding something. Is it a
napkin or is he doing origami?
It's hard for me to know.
Another person is holding a
little tiny so it looks like
maybe they folded in origami
cat. That's what they did. They
folded an origami cat and he is
giving this to the little boy.
Another man let's see
Got a little pot of something.
You can't tell what it is
though. They're holding this
little pot and it has something
in the top to stir it with not
clear to me what this is.
the pot is sitting on a shelf
I see someone waking up.
And a little animal of very
funny looking little creature
that looks almost like a walking
little tiny whale is coming up
to the man who woke up.
And he is petting that little
creature, which seems to have a
long tail. He's getting dressed.
He is cutting up a little gourd
like vegetable item and giving
part of that to the little
animal to eat. He's getting
dressed and it looks like he's
getting ready, possibly to go
out, possibly to work, and the
little creature brings him his
hat.
It looks like he was going out
into the world among the crowds
of people possibly going to work
and about their daily habits.
There are lots of little funny
creatures walking around with
just the people, and we're
passing a little market that
looks like it has fish for sale,
possibly or.
Is he feeding these little
creatures with his basket? It's
not clear to me on some of these
pictures. It looks like we're in
a market where people are buying
things and giving money for
things, and I just have never
seen some of these items that
are happening here. I see one
gentleman sitting beside a
circular item.
I don't know what that is. Yet
another person who looks like
he's painting something,
possibly a mural on the side of
the wall and another person who
has a little heart. I can't tell
is he
Selling something from the court
again not hearing me. What's
going on in some of these
pictures
The man that I was talking about
earlier is walking along with
the little creature that woke
him up this morning, and he's
stopping at a place that looks
like it's a chef.
Holding a bowl and he's also
stopping to see somebody is
looking like he's involved in
something industrial and also
has a little creature beside
him.
And he continues onward and it
looks like he's going into a
store, but the merchants that
he's talking to looks like he
can't help, she can't help him
because she's holding her hands
up in the air, like, like I
don't have whatever you're
looking for. So he continues on
and he is talking to somebody
out on the street. Again, there
are lots of people on the street
doing various things, working
with brooms, holding maybe
possibly pieces of wood as
they're walking by.
It looks like there's a big
propeller up there that I'm
looking at in the sky. I'm not
sure what that's part of. And
again, these little creatures.
That seemed to be
hanging out with their owners. #END_arrival_5
all right.
OK, that was part of the
story.
Moving on to the next story.
OK.
#START_flowerman we in a very
dark, almost like a nighttime
scene.
We have it looks like an older
person walking over a bridge.
There are lanterns lighting up
the bridge that looks like a car
has gone down.
It looks like the there is a car
in the in the scene that has
gone down.
Towards the ditch that the
bridge is over, it looks like
somebody has had an accident
with a car and the person is
walking with a little animal,
and I can't tell what that
animal is from here. Is it
possibly a dog? But walking over
the bridge with the lanterns
towards what looks like a town
that has a variety of places
that you can stop at. A bait
shop, a bar, somewhere to get
gas that looks like there's a
Ferris wheel.
There's a tent.
There are a number of homes with
smoke coming out of the
chimneys. There's another person
walking and there's a little
truck parked on the side of the
road. There is a series of steps
that go up in between the homes.
It looks like there was an
anchor.
So it's hard for me to tell from
this drawing if there's water
underneath the bridge, but there
is an anchor there, like a boat
had gone by there at some point.
There's a beautiful evening sky.
In the background.
As the person continues to walk.
in between the buildings. It
looks like there's a home,
there's a few people on the
street looking online. There is
a cobblestone street, there is a
statue with a person on a horse.
There is a cafe with some
windows with people looking out
of the windows and doing things
within the windows. And let's
see.
It's still it's still a night
sky with a number of windows
into the different homes so that
you can see what people are
doing and lanterns. There's a
gentleman on a motorcycle coming
down the street that looks like
another little person with a
beret walking along the side of
the street. One person in a
vehicle with the companion going
towards our initial person that
we have been following, walking
through this town. And there's
also one.
Little boy.
Looking very dejected with with
a I think a cat on the veranda
of 1 house.
it's an amazing town is
something that the person. It
looks like a man. Now I can
actually tell it's a man, and it
looks like he's holding some
sort of a suitcase as he walks
along again. We are seeing the
town and we're seeing open
windows with various little
vignettes of people's lives and
what they're doing in there,
either two people or one person.
And they there is a telescope on
the top of 1 building. It looks
like there's a Coca-Cola sign.
On the side of 1 building
there's a clock.
And there's a for sale sign on
front of 1 little, very
dilapidated little house in this
town. A brick house right next
to that. And again there are
various windows open. Looks like
possibly a mother yelling at her
child.
Of mother with a baby, a man
just sitting, kind of sad
looking, and we've got fire
hydrants. We have another
dejected looking man sitting
beside what could be a fountain.
Although the fountain is not
working right now it looks like
a fish fountain. And another
little person sort of staring
dejectedly, dejectedly toward
that fish fountain. We have a
woman heading into one house and
up above.
The opening to the house. The
door is a window that shows a
painter who was painting.
Can't see what he's painting,
but there is. He is holding a
pallet and it looks like he's
painting some sort of picture.
And we have more Windows open,
opened up into what different
people are doing. It's difficult
to say what they are all doing,
but you can see the people in
each house and a few people just
hanging out on the side of. I've
got two guys over on the right
just sort of standing there
talking to each other, one
little boy just walking on the
road.
So it's just showing a night of
this specific town and all the
things that people are doing in
there. I'd like to have a
magnifying glass so I could see
that or what they're definitely
doing in there.
Ohh We have suddenly gotten some
color into this black and white
to scene and it looks like it is
turning to be morning and more
things are going on in this
little town. We're seeing the
same scene, but we're seeing
more activity. We're seeing a
lot more people on the street.
We have a person in a wheelchair
with it looks like he has a
broken leg, his leg is in a cast
and we have a person on a little
moped and we've got various.
People walking along the street.
We have young people, older
people.
We have one person fixing up the
house that was for sale. Looks
like it was sold because now
there is a little lawn mower on
the grass and there's a
gentleman on a ladder working on
the shutters and it looks like
the houses has become colorful
since our last pane and.
Very good. And again we've we've
got a window into all of these
different people's lives and
what they're doing inside their
homes. the it looks like the
artist has put his palette away
for now.
And there are just a number of
people on the streets walking
around.
And it looks like the day
continues on the same street and
it's showing a lot of different
people doing all sorts of
different things. Again, we're
looking into the windows. We are
seeing the telescope on the top
of the House. But nobody's
looking into the telescope at
this point. We have one woman
whose cat is hanging out of the
window. It is. Let's see. Yeah.
there's an older fellow sitting
on a chair underneath the
Coca-Cola sign. We've got 2
girls, black and white, walking
together, walking on the street.
We have a number of young men
hanging out talking to one
another.
We've got the man on the moped
still driving around. We've got
a little girl with red hair
walking along the side of the
street.
We've got families inside the
windows doing different various
things, and one man still just
continues to sit in the window.
We've got looks like the milkman
has come to deliver some milk.
The artist is hanging out of his
window with the palette. It's
not working right now, just
hanging out, looking out the
window. Just a variety of people
doing all sorts of different
things walking along the streets
and inside the windows of their
homes.
And the the scene becomes more
colorful as we move along. And
let's see the the little girl
with the red hair is hugging an
older gentleman. And we have.
Just so much color everywhere
has just become a very colorful
scene as the day goes on we
have.
A gentleman holding a flower we
have, let's see, what is the
artist doing now? The artist
still holding a flower and
looking out the window. The
milkman is hanging, handing the
milk to his customer. There is a
movers and shakers.
Truck outside.
One of the buildings, and it
looks like they are moving.
Let's see. I can't tell who is
moving though. are they moving
out or moving in. It's not clear
to me what's going on there. The
gentleman in the window is still
there, but now there's a duck at
the window. Become very colorful
everywhere. Colorful. The little
house that was for sale has
become very colorful. There's
now a purple roof. There are
flowers in the windows. You can
see a blue chair.
Through the window you can see a
table with a lamp and a lot of
flowers and grass, so the house
is looking very good.
Multiple things happening in
this town. It's fascinating.
And as we go on farther, it gets
more and more colorful. The
milkman is now dancing with the
redheaded girl. There is. The
milk truck is very colorful,
which has a little wreath on the
front of it. There's a man
playing the guitar.
Looks like it's now about 10
after four in the afternoon. We
see the tree has gotten so much
more colorful with flowers all
through it. The little house
that was for sale that is now
completely being used since so
man is throwing a little boy in
the air and cooking some
hamburgers on the grill. There's
a little dog in the yard. The
grass is growing. There's a lot
of flowers. There are people
playing in the street with a
ball.
The gentleman with the cast on
his foot is still on the
wheelchair and he had looks he
has somebody that's helping him
and somebody talking to him
while he is going along on the
street. Let's see, our artist
has decided to paint some
flowers, so we see him through
the window. We have so many
things going on here. It's
almost unbelievable to see this
little town and what is
happening here, the fountain.
Is now going and there's a
little boy in the fountain
enjoying the water with a big
smile on his face and let's see.
Oh my goodness, it looks like
the artist has put some of his
pictures outside and someone is
selling them for him. And it
looks like there is a clown on
the street entertaining some
children.
just so much going on. It's a
lovely town.
Alright, the town continues to
get more and more colorful. Ohh
my goodness, let's see what's
happening now.
This tree is even more colorful
with flowers. And someone is
actually, it looks like it's
getting later in the day. So
somebody is actually up at the
telescope on the top of the
building. It looks like there's
an older man and a young boy and
a young girl, and somebody is
the little boy is looking
through the telescope.
Again, we're looking into
people's lives, into the windows
and the thing, all sorts of
gatherings. And it's hard to
tell because it's the detail is
very small. It's hard to tell
exactly what everybody's doing.
But seeing colorful house that
the house that was for sale has
become very colorful and very
pretty with a fence and flowers
all around it, a stone walkway,
there's a little dog outside of
it, the purple roof flowers
outside.
And the window boxes and it's
the town has just become so
colorful. It's very exciting to
see all of this. The one man
that was in the window for the
longest time looks very happy.
He's now on top of the roof and
it looks like he's holding some
flowers. It looks like he's got
a bath towel possibly around his
waist. I don't know what he's
doing up there, but anyways, he
seems to be having fun and uh,
so many things going on. That
gentleman with the cast in the
wheelchair.
Seems to be playing with the
ball with the children on the
street. It looks like there's a
man with a cart that is selling
flowers. What's our artist
doing? I don't see the artist
anymore, but I do see that he
has painted some flowers when
you look through the window into
his room and.
Let's see, the fountain is still
going, but no one is currently
in the fountain. There's a woman
walking with a child and a baby.
It looks like there's an older
couple walking along on the
street, and there's a man that
looks like he's entertaining
people with a guitar and another
man that's dressed sort of like
a clown in the street and just
so much going on one. One guy is
picking up a baby and sort of
flinging them around a little
bit.
Yeah, it's like, looks like one
guy's trying to ride the dog on
the street. So we have so many
things going on. It's a
wonderful little town because
it's come alive with color.
And now it looks like it's
getting into the evening time
again, because the the the light
is dimming a little bit. And
again we're looking into the
windows of people and people on
the street in the town. There's
one little Kitty on top of the
roof hanging out by the chimney.
There's a family on a little
veranda. It looks like a mother,
father and a little boy. And
they're very happily.
Hanging out on their veranda.
We're looking at a little girl
in one window who just looks
like she has a dreamy expression
on her face while she's looking
out the window. Looks like we
have maybe lovers looking out
the window above the cafe. And
so we've got somebody on a
motorcycle on the street, a few
people walking along.
It's quite quietening down as
the light dims.
Getting dark again and.
The color is going out of the
picture as it gets darker.
And we see the gentleman that we
followed from the beginning.
He's holding something in his
hand. I'm not sure what it is.
It looks like it has the #10 on
it, and there's a dog right next
to him on the street. He had
some people that are in the
window and they're looking like
they're surprised as they're
looking out the window at him.
We have some other windows that
are open that we are looking
into people's lives, doing
various things, and we have one
gentleman sitting near the
fountain with a little dog
That's like a bulldog. They
don't know what he's holding.
He's holding something. Yeah, I
don't know what it is.
But as we see this.
Picture we see
people holding flowers. One
person looks very surprised and
very delighted with her flower
and the other person is in the
window. It's an older fellow and
he looks very happy to have his
flower too. And we see the older
fellow that we were watching all
through us walking up into the
right. So I don't really know
how that.
I don't know how that connected
that thing that was holding. I
don't understand what that was
all about. #END_flowerman
No, not even. OK, so that was
this story. Now let's take a
break.
We just finished up this story,
so moving on to the next one.
Again, the orientation of the
smaller pictures are across and
then down across.
#START_arrival_1 We open up with
a picture of family as a
photograph that's sitting on a
shelf somewhere is taking that
photo off the shelf and wrapping
it up.
and tying it up
And it looks like.
They are putting it somewhere
that I can't tell where, let's
see
Putting it in a drawer, it looks
like the wrapping it up and
putting it in a drawer and
closing it into the drawer.
An origami bird on a shelf to
see a clock.
And.
to turn on the clock, we see a
hat
And a dish cloth hanging off the
hooks
we see a pot and a spoon, the
pot Lid is slightly Askew. We
see a picture that has been made
what looks like a young person,
and it's a picture of a family,
a father, a mother and a child
and a bird and puppies, son and
a flower and looks like possibly
some birds flying in the air and
maybe.
Which looks like it was made
with plastic crayon or pencil.
We see the teapot and it looks
like it's steaming, like it has
some hot tea in it. You see a
cup with tea in it and we see.
possibly a ticket, maybe a a
ticket to go on a boat. We see a
trunk with something clothing
folded into the trunk, and we
see a family. It looks like you
see a mother, a father and a
little girl. And then we see a
Trunk and we see a man and a
woman. They have the Trunk
sitting on the kitchen table
with a teapot and two cups of.
Tea and the teapot steaming like
the tea is hot
And it looks like the mother and
the father have their hands.
Holding together on top of the
trunk, two of their hands are
holding together on top of the
trunk.
Now we see a little girl
sleeping and she is slowly
waking up and yawning, coming to
the breakfast table and getting
something to eat out of a bowl
with a spoon, looking at a
suitcase. And there is a father
putting his hat on, a mother
putting a scarf on her head. The
child is getting a coat and a
hat on and boots.
And it looks like they are
coming out of the house with the
suitcase. Walking down the
street, there is a shadow on the
wall of the house that looks
like a dragon tail.
Girl is holding hands with her
mom and dad and she is just
walking along with them as they
go towards the train station.
and her father
Takes off his hat and there's an
origami bird inside his hat. He
gives it to the little girl.
They give each other a hug. The
mother is crying. She gives the
father a hug and it looks like
the father is going away on the
train.
Then goes on.
The photograph of the family.
Looks like it's sitting on the
trunk where the father is as
he's eating something out of a
bowl.
Looks like he's
on a ship because we're looking
through a porthole and we're
seeing him through that porthole
as he is eating out of the bowl.
And we're looking at the picture
of the family that he has sat
down on his trunk in his little
cabin in the ship and we see
this ship.
Going away. #END_arrival_1
All right. OK, so up to now
you've only seen graphic novels,
and the second type of pictures
that you will see will be
complex scenes. And as the name
suggests, it's pretty crowded
and busy. Imagine that you're
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you'll see as thoroughly as
possible, and try to take
between three and five minutes.
Ready. Go.
#START_campsite we are looking
at a scene of from the Where's
Waldo books if you know what
those are. There are many many
many people in this scene. It
looks like it is a scene of
people camping in little tents
and.
Little mobile homes.
They are camping near a brook of
water where there is fish and
there is also an area where they
can bicycle and walk and run and
there is a lot of green grass
for them to put their tents on.
There are all different types of
tents of all colors, green and
pink and blue and tan and multi
colored flowered.
There are in one section of this
area, there are some.
cows or bulls? Yes, and somebody
is pretending to be a matador
with a little red claw.
We have people doing all sorts
of things. We've got hikers.
We've got many, many hikers that
are tired, that looks like
they've been hugging through
very long time. People are
making faces at the Bulls, which
is not a very smart thing to do.
There are ducks on the water.
There are people on little boats
on the water. There are people
fishing. It looks like there are
mermaids in the water. They look
like mermaids. I don't know.
There are people walking and
hiking and.
It's like there are little
bunnies and birds. There are
just so many people all over the
place doing all sorts of things,
riding bikes. Let's see, there's
a little bridge over the brook
that you can walk on and there
are. There's a lot of green.
There are. It's like a green
hedge all around a grassy area
where people could park their
mobile homes or put their tents
down and in the far away the
hills go on and on.
And you can see trees, trees,
trees and fields and the far
distance and rocky.
Fences and.
Just let's see,
the people in the mobile homes
are doing all sorts of things.
There are dogs there, they're
walking along, they're grilling
food. Looks like there's some
smoke coming out of 1 camper.
It's like it's on fire. I don't
know what's going on over there.
Very strange. And there are some
Boy Scouts on one side and
they're practicing their fire
making skills.
I think I have said everything
I can say about this picture. #END_campsite
OK, that was about 3 minutes.
So the next picture, it's ohh,
it's a graphic novel. So again,
as you go through this story,
pretty please describe what you
see and what is happening. OK.
This is the one we've already
done though. Are we doing it
again so that that's actually a
series of stories. This is
another story, but in the same
series. OK, I see.
#START_return So in this story,
we're seeing the inside of a
house.
We are seeing people doing
various things within the House.
It looks like we have a father
and he is upstairs working at a
drafting table and I see a kite
flying in his room and the rest
of the rooms are empty. Except
for when I say empty, I mean
without people. Except for
there's a cat laying on the bed
in one room, the entranceway.
There is. There are no people
there, but there's a door and
there's a lamp.
And there is a pot with the
plant in it and some photos on
the wall. The kitchen has
cabinets and a stove, but no one
is there right now.
The only other person in the
house is a young girl in her
bedroom and she is using a red
crayon to draw.
A door on the wall of her
bedroom in her bedroom also is a
red.
A miniature hot air balloon
hanging from her ceiling and a
miniature purple bird.
Yeah, we are also seeing the
bathroom with no one in it with
the sink. We're also seeing a
room that has a television in
it.
And we're seeing a stairway,
we're seeing a basement. And
then outside the house we do see
a red light and another building
and we see it looks like a city
in the background and a tree.
We see the father at the
drafting table, turn around and
look at the kite. He gets off
his chair and picks up the kite
in the next.
Let's scene
But we see the kite on the floor
and he's no longer in the scene.
Then we see him in his
daughter's room looking through.
What has become a door that she
had drawn on her wall of her
bedroom has become an actual
door, and her father is
standing, looking out of the
door.
Outside.
He comes out of the door and
sees a beautiful scene of a
magical forest with lights
strung throughout.
the trees and beautiful lanterns
lit up and hanging from the
trees. Multiple types of
lanterns, different shapes and
their fireflies flying through
the air also. And there's a
brook coming throughout the
trees and.
red ball sitting on the edge of
the Area that he's looking at.
He goes over to where the ball
is and he picks it up and
looking over.
To the right on the coming
around.
There is actually a It looks
like a boat that's in the shape
of a.
Somewhat.
A dragon slash bird. It's an
unusual shape with horns, a very
narrow face, and very elegantly
comes down almost like a swan.
And then it has a.
fan shaped tail in the back of
this.
boat like
Item and this boat sails past
him.
As he watches and he jumps from
the dock onto the boat and off
he goes.
The boat takes him to a castle
that has filled with all kinds
of towers and domes and this
multi multiple rooms, and as
he's sliding up to this castle.
He sees over to the right his
daughter on a tiny little red
boat, and she's going on onto
she's going on a bridge off on
one section of the castle to
another section of the castle.
The father jumps off the boat.
on to the dock and he sees a
number of things. He sees it
looks like possibly a king and
two princes there because they
have crowns on their heads.
There is a purple bird lying.
And there he's going towards the
set of steps.
He's running towards a set of
steps. On the right hand side
there are some soldiers. It
looks like they are soldiers,
but they have trumpets and in
next area the king and the
Prince.
Are there with a throne
And the father looks like he's
coming to them to question them.
Now the purple bird is flying
above them. There is somebody
coming off of somebody else
coming off of the boat, and he
is coming towards the king, the
two princes and the father.
The king is holding some sort of
light.
and
It looks like the people coming
off the boat are not, are
enemies. They don't look like
they're up to anything good that
looks like they have Spears and
they are going to try to attack.
But the king is holding
something high in the air and it
looks like it was some sort of a
lit object.
Like a laser, some sort of like
a light Saber or something like
that. And it seems to seep these
enemies at Bay. It's like a
sword that has light on it and.
The enemy seemed to somehow grab
the king and hold on to him.
And one of them is holding some
sort of a box that has a handle
on it that spins, and he is
running away with this box while
the king is holding up his arm
like he's not happy about this
box being taken away.
Meanwhile.
The one of the young Princes has
a purple crayon and he.
A picture of a flying dragon and
the father and the two princes
jump on the Purple Flying Dragon
and fly away in front of the
moon. You see the full moon in
the background and the.
The enemy that's holding this
box, this mysterious box is sort
of reaching out to them like
you'd like to grab them, but
they are flying away.
And the purple
dragon
Everyone is looking at them as
they fly away. The young Prince
loses his purple crayon. It goes
flying away.
And the other Prince has a red
crayon so we will keep that in
mind for later.
now
There there's some sort well the
boat that we saw earlier.
Now has the king on it.
And the.
Enemy that has the box as he's.
Turning the handle on the box it
somehow.
Just like it's tearing the
purple Dragon apart somehow and
the father falls off. The Purple
Dragon and the Prince with the
red Crayon grabs the purple bird
and they are sort of flying
through the air. The King grabs
onto the other Prince and holds
him up into the ship so that he
doesn't go flying into the air.
They fall the father and the one
Prince fall into the water and
their fish.
swimming  around in the water in
there, the Prince has the red
crayon, so he is going to draw
something to get them out of
this mess, and the purple bird
is still swimming along with
them at this point.
He draws a red submarine, so
they are in the submarine now.
The father, the Prince and the
purple bird are in a red
submarine going through the
water.
The red submarine comes out.
And they come into a cave that
looks like it has.
Drawings cave drawings.
From a long, long time ago.
So we're looking into multiple
drawings that were made.
And they are looking up at all
the drawings.
As they come out with the
submarine into this cave like
area
Continue to look at the.
The Prince is showing a certain
one to the father and the purple
bird is the lights on one of the
rocks.
Hmm.
Let's see, we continued. Look at
these hieroglyphics, petroglyphs
and the.
The ship that was chasing them
is now coming toward them
through the mouth of The Cave
and the father.
Grabs a crayon of some.
Color looks like it's brown and
he is drawing.
A perch for the purple bird.
Now the man with the magical,
the enemy with the magical box
that seems to tear things apart,
is aiming it at the purple bird.
And we are worried about the
purple bird. What is going to
happen with the purple bird? It
looks like he is able to.
Catch the purple bird into that
box.
It looks like you killed the
bird. Looks like you killed the
bird and the father was very
angry about this and grabs the
box and puts the man.
The enemy into the cage.
When he when the father breaks
the box apart, it looks like.
The purple dragon comes back out
and the purple bird comes back
out and there's glowing colors
all over the place. Yellow,
green, red, purple, blue. And
the king is there with the
Prince and they're looking on in
awe and the enemies.
Look like they're devastated by
this event.
We see multi colored birds
flying in the air, including the
Purple Dragon holding on to the
cage and the father.
And the daughter, the king, the
Prince and the Purple bird
looking on as the boat goes off.
And the father and the daughter
are happy to be reunited.
They see the door.
With the kite tail and it looks
like it, they can go back
through to their other life,
yeah.
And we see the House where this
started, and we see the red
light flying in the air outside
the House.
with the door open. #END_return
OK, yeah. So that was the story
then. Moving on, this item is
actually a complex scene.
So please describe what you see
in detail and please take
between three and five minutes.
#START_picture_this There are a
number of framed portraits on
this page, all sorts of rain
portraits, and there are
portraits of dogs. There are
portraits of people that are
portraits of animals and like
for instance there's a there's a
man and a bear in one. There is
a picture of a cactus. There is
a picture of a man hanging over
a fence that looks like he might
be drunk or something because.
Doesn't look like he's in full
He's capable of doing much else
other than laying over the
fence. Here is a it looks like a
hippopotamus in one picture.
These look like pictures from
someone's travels, where they've
gone all over the world and
they've taken all these
pictures. There is somebody that
looks like they're on a bumper
car. There is someone that
there's a gorilla. There is a
hand. There is.
A pot and a dog. There is a
mummy. There is a tree that has
a base on it. There is an
airplane.
There is a.
Set of shoes. There is a man
that looks like he's in awe of a
dinosaur looking creature. There
is a number of very odd looking
creatures that looks like
they're in costume and there
are, there is looks like a
Campbell. There's a.
two Vikings, there are people
having a fight. There is someone
on a horse.
There are, oh, there's so many
just portraits of people just
standing, and they're also
portraits of people sitting. And
there are porches of just faces.
People's faces. There's a
dragon.
It looks like there is one man
that's fighting a dragon with
his spear. There is a Joker.
There is two men with hats.
Look. It looks like they're from
medieval times. There was a man
that has about 12 hats on the
top of his head and he's holding
two other hats. There's one man
who was being dragged by a dog.
There are just two people
walking along. There are, there
was a bird on a nest.
There is so many different
things. There is a cat and a dog
who look like they really like
each other is.
Where's Waldo? There's Waldo
right in the middle of all this,
there is a deer that has a deer
that looks like he is holding a
sword on his antlers. And there
is some things that I can't even
describe because they're so
strange looking. It's so hard to
know what some of these things
are in this. In this portrait of
things, it looks like somebody's
holding a palm tree and possibly
shaking down some coconuts on
someone that looks like a
dragon.
That is.
I don't know. Kind of mad at
somebody and she looks like
she's afraid. One little, just
one Kitty in a portrait.
Ohh, just so many people doing
so many different things. One
person on a motorcycle. One
person walking off outside of
the framed portrait. Somebody
looks like Daniel Boone.
Ohh my
goodness. OK, all kinds of
things. Someone's on a fountain
flying around on the water.
Yes, I think that's about it
for me. #END_picture_this
OK, we can go. So we can go to
the next, uh, the last one.
That the last item for today if
I just closed it, OK.
We'll do, let's see, two
complex scenes and then we'll be
done. So this one.
You can start talking about it
whenever you're ready. OK.
#START_deep_sea_divers This is a
scene of deep sea divers.
There's all sorts of things
going on in this sea. There are
many mermaids. There are all
sorts of fish, some swimming
around in schools or in circles.
There's a big octopus there.
There is coral. And this scene
there is a giant.
fish at the very bottom of the
ocean. There are clams. There is
a treasure chest with a little
creature, but I don't know what
it is peaking out of it, there
are many, many people. Now, it's
not clear to me what they're
doing. Some people are standing
at the bottom of this scene,
which you would think they would
be swimming, but they're
actually standing down there.
Some people are swimming
throughout the scene and they
are doing different things. Some
people have nuts.
Where they're trying to possibly
have some fish or Spears, and
let's see, there are so many
different types of fish. There
are pink fish, red fish, yellow
fish, yellow and green fish,
blue fish.
Let's see, even, some of the
fish have a net one of the fish
is holding in that is a pink
fish with red and yellow fins.
And he is holding a net like he
wants to catch some of these
people that are swimming around
in here. There's there are also
boats on the top of this scene
on the top of the water and they
are some of them putting down
anchors from their boats. There
are some that are throwing in
nuts to catch some fish
there are fish jumping in the
air. There is a lot of mermaids
sitting on the rocks up on the
top. There are people that are.
Sinking in their boat, which is
sad. And let's see a number of
people standing on their boats
trying to catch really big fish
that are in in the ocean. There
are eels swimming around in
there. There are all sorts of
just so many different colored
fish all over the place. And it
is, there are some people that
are way, way down there and they
are doing all sorts of things.
Let's see some of them.
have big packs on their backs,
and some of them are holding
Spears and Nets and let's see.
A lot of coral which is nice to
see.
Let's see, that looks like
there's sand along the bottom.
Let's see some.
Sardines in a can down there,
and I see a number of plans over
there on the right side and some
flying fish flying through the
air there and the sea and
somebody jumping into the water
to go swimming from the top of
the boat. And there is somebody
that is fishing that looks like
they caught a person.
and boats all over the place on
the top and they are mostly
striped with blue and green and
red.
And there's
one very tall sailing ship way
in the distance, and I think
that's about it. OK? Hopefully
a lot of fish and a lot of
people swimming around down
there. #END_deep_sea_divers
Summary.
And this will be the last one we
do.
#START_wild_west OK, looks like
we're in the wild, Wild West
here with a lot of saloons. Oh
my goodness. Hotels, saloons,
jails. Let's see, what else?
What do we have? We've got
people all over the place doing
all kinds of things. Let's see.
We've got a jail and we have a
sheriff there. We have someone
pushing a baby in a carriage in
front of the jail. We have some
wanted signs so we can.
See who the criminals are there.
And the town is just full of
people. Just so full of people.
It's it's wild. There is a
Stagecoach, there is a train.
There are so many different
salons. It's unbelievable. Let's
see. There's the pioneer saloon.
There is one more saloon. There
is another saloon, another
salon. They don't even have
names. There's so many salons.
The Tame E saloon. There is a
bank, there is a livery.
Unstable. They are calling it
with a blacksmith who's working
on some horseshoes that looks
like over there.
Now let's see.
We have a number of people
walking around, just walking
around the town and it looks
like some people are painting
some red paint on one of the
saloons and there are just
unbelievable amounts of people
in this.
Scene mostly just, it looks like
most of them are just walking
around, walking around the town.
Um.
We do have a gold mine over to
the left. It's a gold mine and
gold yours and people walking in
those areas, people on top of
the different roofs all over the
place.
It looks like some people are
fighting on top of the one
saloon.
It looks like they're flipping
some ropes around at each other.
So we've got some covered wagons
along the street.
We've got looks like somebody is
robbing the saloon because he's
got a mask on and he's holding.
A house that has a dollar sign
on it, like he's holding some
money in there.
Let's see.
We've got some people in front
of the one saloon making some
music on a piano and some
different musical instruments,
and we've got some people in
white coats. It looks like it's
a medical convention. I'm not
sure what that's all about. Over
there are in the back. We've got
a person on a horse.
Umm.
And people waving at him as he's
going off into the distance, it
looks like.
I think that's it for me. I
mean, there's just so many
people just doing so many
different things.
All over the place here it looks
like they're shooting possibly a
film. Down in the bottom it
looks like there's a camera and
a light and.
And the holding
something related to filmmaking.
Yeah. So I think that's it for
me for this one. #END_wild_west
Good.